# CodingShortStory - UNDER DEVELOPMENT !
A short story about rebels fighting against the data collecting that runs the economy.

This is a fiction code made in Java. Imagine a society where electricity is generated by hamsters running inside a wheel.
Now, imagine that instead of hamsters, we are using humans, and instead of electricity, we are generating data that is collected for one single purpose: To gain profit on the expense of everyone.
Simply by browsing the Internet, data from each individual is collected and transformed in such a way that will yield a wider gap between the distribution of wealth and resources among the citizens, benefiting narrow and targeted groups or individuals.

This program is supposed to trick such a system by browsing the Internet to bring a loss instead of a profit to a system.
It is equivalent to a DDOS attack, but instead of attacking the servers, the code is attacking the data collecting by giving it damaging data in real-time.

All you have to do is to enter your starting URL, a random sentence you like, and an indice you would like to track real-time.
You can also enter the URLs from your browsing history and confuse the system even further.


You can run this program while browsing the Internet, so you can make sure that you are safe from the data-collecting machines. What will happen in the most cases, your IP will be ignored, you will have a temporary ban and your data will not be considered relevant, your browsing data will be stacked as a history and it will make less sense more you use this program. Nevertheless, such history can be damaging too, and it will be ignored as well. By being ignored/banned you are gaining your ticket to freedom from such a mechanism.

I hope you like this story, any enhancements and proposals to a code are welcomed!
